Celtic Springs Scuba 

Staff and roles:
Owner - Simon
Instructors –  Jacques and Julia
Dive masters – Aanshi, Lauren, Dan 

Try a dive – a 1 hour dive in a pool in full kit – mask, snorkel, fins, tanks, BCD (Buoyancy Control Device), regulators.  

Open Water
Throughout the course, you will be introduced to the fundamentals of scuba diving. This includes looking at some of the physics and physiology of diving, the aquatic environment, the equipment we use and the skills and procedures you need to know.

Advanced OW
The Advanced Open Water Course offers the opportunity to expand on previously learnt skills with five fun, themed dives. Most importantly, you will build up your confidence and experience under the supervision of one of our highly qualified instructional team.

Wreck
This course is designed to give you the necessary training and preparation to be able to dive world-class wrecks. The focus of the course is obviously on wreck diving.... however, over the course you will leave with some skills, procedures and techniques that you may want to consider applying to all aspects of your diving.... not exclusively when diving on wrecks.

Deep Diver
Do some dive sites leave you stuck on the boat because the depth limits are beyond your level of experience? Do you ever find yourself among a group of divers talking about some of the amazing deeper dives they have done and wondering what all the fuss is about?? Do you want to extend your depth limits to beyond the 30 metre range? Do you want to prepare for technical diver courses?  Do you want to learn how to conduct deep dives safely?

Dry suit
Some of the world’s most spectacular and challenging dives can be found in the cooler, more temperate waters of the world - fascinating wrecks, abundant marine life and some amazing underwater landscapes!  Topics covered in this speciality course include: drysuit construction, undersuits, diving techniques, safety and emergencies, maintenance and repair.
